I have students info in a csv file (scc47.csv) The file contains SL, Roll, Name, House and Form

Now create html file where exam setup (exam_setup.html) can be done. User can add a subject name, 
mark in fornightly exam (FNT), its pass mark (FNP), mark in final exam CQ (FinalCQT), 
final exam MCQ (FinalMCQT) and final practical (FNPRT) along with their pass 
marks (FinalCQTP, FinalMCQTP, FNPRTP). The input information would be saved 
in a csv (Subject, FN, FNP, FinalCQT, FinalMCQT, FNPRT, FinalCQTP, FinalMCQTP, FNPRTP).

Now create exam input file (exam_input.html). Here user can

i. select exam type (Fornightly (FN) or Final)
ii. If FN is selected only one input box for all students will be given. To the 
left of inpout boxes SL, Roll, Name will be shown. Show Save button below the
input setup. These info will be saved as FN.csv.
iii. If Final is selected, show input boxes for FinalCQT, FinalMCQT, FNPRT after
studnet info. 
Save this file as Final.csv

Do this now. I'll tell you the next part later. 

> exam_setup.htm; when a subject is submitted, save it silently to the working directory and reset the input box for next subject add.

> When save exam setup is clicked, nothing happens, It should create (setup.csv) file and reset input boxes.

> When the next subject is input it should save the info to the csv file (setup.csv) silently.

> Not working. Well, assume setup.csv is already created with the required column names.
SO no download trigger and button. Just save values silently when Save button is clicked.
Append the values if already some values exist.

New subject not saving

Not done. Is it easier in shiny than in js?

Reset the input boxes when one subject is done and show the udpated table

After save is cliked, teh updted table should be visible. And only subjet name is reset. Reset all input boxes.

Show edit/delete option for each row. Clicking Edit would show the existing values on input boxes. Delete will ask to confirm and if yes is cliked, deletes the row.

No edit/delete button seen. Show it to the right of last entry for each subject
